
1. A farmer has several orchards, each of different size in square meters. It is desired
to plan the planting of different varieties of vegetables. Each variety requires a
specific amount of square meters and may or may not be selected for planting. If
a variety is selected, it would be planted in a single orchard. In addition, some
varieties may be incompatible with each other, meaning they cannot be planted in
the same orcharxd. The goal is to maximize the number of vegetable varieties
planted, complying with the space and compatibility restrictions between them.



2. It is desired to compose a Christmas basket that includes various products. For
each product, its category, price, and rating (integer between 1 and 5) are known.
Determine the composition of the basket in such a way that:
	• among the selected products, all categories must be covered,
	• it is necessary that the average of the ratings of all the selected products is
	greater than or equal to 3,
	• the total price of the selected products from the same category cannot exceed
	a given budget (this budget is common to all categories), and
	• the desire is to minimize the total price of the basket.



3. A product distributor must decide the number of units of different products to send
to different destinations. For each destination, the minimum total quantity demand
of products to be stored at that destination, which must be met, is known. For each
type of product, the maximum number of units available that the distributor can
send is known. Additionally, for each type of product and each destination,
information is available about the storage cost of each unit of product at that
destination. The objective is to know how many units of each product to send to
each destination, minimizing the total storage cost, and meeting the minimum
product demands of each destination.



4. Given a list of people, it is necessary to pair them two by two (in the case of an
odd number of people, one would remain unpaired). For each person, the set of
languages they speak, their age, and their nationality are known. The affinity that
exists between each pair of people (integer in [0, 5]) is also known. The solution
should maximize the total sum of affinities obtained with the pairings made,
taking into account that the paired people must have:
	• at least one language in common,
	• a maximum of 5 years of age difference, and
	• different nationalities.